#Shell implementation

This is a shell implementation of sending registered sale to testing endpoint (for now). The main intention 
is to bring possibility to register sale using the most basic tools to help other developers implementing 
usable products for tax payers obliged to register sales.

There are two implementations now. Template based implementation is meant as a proof of concept for later Java development. 
xmlsec1 implementation was used as preparation step for templates.

##How to use it
Prerequisites
Follwoing command need to be available
* xmlsec1
* php (command line - php-cli)
* openssl
* xxd
* tr
* sed

###Sign using templates
Edit SOAP template message `data/template.xml` (business data) according to your needs. Put placehoders in the form of `${placeholdername}` at places, where needed them.  Edit business data in `data/uctenka-data.json`. The data will be used to replace placeholders. Every attribute value in JSON is used to replace placeholder in the template having the same name as attribute. There are several reserved placeholders: `${digest}`, `${signature}`, `${pkp}`, `${bkp}` - these are used internally to compute security attributes of the message.   

After `data/template.xml` is changed you need to run `./prepare-templates.sh`.

Signed message can be generated by running `php ./create-signed-message.php`. If all goes well signed message is generated in `work/signed-message` and you can send it to EET API by using `./send-req.sh work/signed-message`.

###Sign using xmlsec1
To prepare message for signing take data/template.xml and change anything inside element <Trzby> 
save it to `sale-to-register-soap.xml`.

To sign prefabricated SOAP message use script:

`sign.sh sale-to-register-soap.xml signed-soap.xml`

To send signed message to testing API:

`send-req.sh signed-soap.xml`

After sending you shoul see API response on the output containing FIK.

##Some details
##Signing&sending soap request 
Every request sent to API must be signed according to WS-Security. WS-Security standard does not use stright 
XMLDSig implementation. It brings in a level of indirection. This tweak complicates development on restricted 
platforms withouth full fledged WS-Security implementation. Shell implementation uses combines templating to 
create SOAP message with open source XMLDSign implementation comming in XMLSEC1 package.

The xmlsec1 functionality is available in the form of library and command line tool xmlsec1. Command line tool 
is used in this case. 

The API accepts (for now) only signatures which uses #id reference to soap:Body. Unfortunately when xmlsec1 tool is 
used directly on prefabricated SOAP message as provided by GFR, signing fails due to XML lacking standard definition 
of ID attribute. xmlsec1 documentation suggests several workarounds. Current implementation uses xml:id extension 
to XML standard. Adding xml:id attribute with the same value as wsu:Id solves the issue. 
During signing/validation using xmlsec1 xml:id is used. API internaly (presumably) uses wsu:Id but the result is (fortunately)
the same.   


The scripts hard code certificates/keys used for signing for now. The original message and keys/certificate 
are published on http://etrzby.cz
